Update mix_tasks.md (#2838)
elixirschool/elixirschool: lessons/en/intermediate/mix_tasks.md

Note: Our code must be compiled before new tasks will appear in the `mix help` output.
We can do this either by running `mix compile` directly or by running our task as we did with `mix hello`, which will trigger the compilation for us.

> The name of the task is whatever is after the Mix.Tasks in the module name. So `MixTasks.MyHelper.Utility` becomes `my_helper.utility`.

Reviewer: What do you think about rephrasing this slightly?

```suggestion
It's important to note that task names are derived from the module name, so `MixTasks.MyHelper.Utility` will become `my_helper.utility`.
```
